>> Lukas Ruebbelke: How do you, if you
first have a collection of things, and
it's obvious that we have routes for
specific containers.
So let's say widgets.
But what if you wanted to navigate
directly to a specific widget?
How would you do that?
And so this is where route params come in.
So I'm going to walk you
through a quick solution.
And then we can chat about this.
So
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: First and foremost,
when you are saying, when I go to this
URL, I don't wanna see all the items,
for instance.
I wanna see a single item.
So it's the ability to select and view
a single item in a collection dynamically.
And so we need to set up a route for that.
So using this colon kind of variable
scheme which is pretty common,
that is /:id.
So we're saying in this route
there is a route parameter, and
it's going to be dynamic,
it could be anything.
And then,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Within the item
component so I've created this component,
we'll see it in a second.
OnInit we're actually watching
the route paramMap observable.
So the parameters on the URL has
essentially been wrapped in an observable.
So your URL or your route is reactive.
In other words when it changes,
you are able to capture that or
subscribe to that observable stream,
cuz again, everything is a stream,
when something happens,
it's happening in the universe.
So this route.paramMap
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: .subscribe,
or we're just saying, so
one is we did subscribe we would be
getting the Params or the Param app.
In this case if you remember switchMap
from yesterday, it's simply saying,
I want to map this stream
to a brand new stream.
So here we're saying paramMap,
this is amble stream,
we're saying when this comes through
I want to take the parameters.
And I'm going to pass it
to the itemsService to get
me the item with these IDs.
So it's saying params.get ( id ).
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what we're
doing is, when the route comes in or
it changes, cuz you're not
actually refreshing the page,
we're able to subscribe to that,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Grab what we
want off of it, send it to a service
that's making a remote call,
returning that observable and
then assigning it to our local object.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So now, again, state
management, flow control and code volume.
Look at how much we're getting
done in three lines of code.
And now that there's no,
other than the item object itself,
everything else is living in the stream.
And it's all completely
encapsulated in this single stream.
This is why our shares,
I'll come over the moon for it.
Because I'm able to do this
in three lines of code.